chore(http): Refresh some headers pages (~a-c) (#36038)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/critical-ch/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{SecureContext_Header}}

> The HTTP **`Critical-CH`** [client hint](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Client_hints) response header is used along with {{HttpHeader("Accept-CH")}} to specify that accepted client hints are also [critical client hints](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Client_hints#critical_client_hints).

Reviewer: - glossary link to "response header" can be added
- repetition of "client hints". what about:
```suggestion
The HTTP **`Critical-CH`** response header is used along with {{HttpHeader("Accept-CH")}} to identify the accepted [client hints](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Client_hints) that are [critical](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Client_hints#critical_client_hints).
```

Author: nice, thank you

Host: example.com
```

> The server responds, telling the client via {{HTTPHeader("Accept-CH")}} that it accepts {{HTTPHeader("Sec-CH-Prefers-Reduced-Motion")}}. In this example `Critical-CH` is also used, indicating that `Sec-CH-Prefers-Reduced-Motion` is considered a critical client hint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server responds, indicating via {{HTTPHeader("Accept-CH")}} that it accepts {{HTTPHeader("Sec-CH-Prefers-Reduced-Motion")}}. In this example, `Critical-CH` is also used to specify that `Sec-CH-Prefers-Reduced-Motion` is considered a critical client hint.
```
